
 at (delayed command execution) 
 
 at and batch read shell commands from standard input (or a specified 
 file) storing them as a job to be scheduled for execution at a later 
 time. 
 
 The 'at' command was written by David Parsons and Thomas Koenig. 
 biff+coms
 biff+comsat (mail arrival notification daemon) biff+coms
 biff+coms
 Comsat is the server process which receives reports of incoming mail biff+coms
 and notifies users if they have requested this service. "biff" is biff+coms
 the program that requests comsat service "biff y", and may be placed biff+coms
 in a user's startup file if they'd like to hear a beep and trash biff+coms
 their console with each new piece of junk mail. ;-) biff+coms
 biff+coms
 Biff was the name of Heidi Stettner's dog, who barked when the biff+coms
 mailman came. Biff was well known to many of the early BSD developers biff+coms
 living in Evans Hall at U.C. Berkeley. diffst
 diffstat (produces statistics from diff output) diffst
 diffst
 DiffStat is a simple filter that reads the output of the 'diff' diffst
 program and displays a histogram of insertions, deletions, and diffst
 modifications per-file. It is useful for reviewing large, complex diffst
 patch files. diffst
 diffst
 Thomas E. Dickey is the author of DiffStat. diffst
 exp
 expat (C library for parsing XML) exp
 exp
 This is Expat, a C library for parsing XML, written by James Clark. exp
 Expat is a stream-oriented XML parser used by Python, GNOME, Xft2, exp
 and other things. exp
 gcc-gn
 gcc-gnat (Ada support for GCC) gcc-gn
 gcc-gn
 Ada 95 support for the GNU Compiler Collection. gcc-gn
 gcc-gn
 This package contains those parts of the compiler collection needed to gcc-gn
 compile Ada 95 code. Ada95 is the object oriented successor to the gcc-gn
 Ada83 language. The base gcc package is also required. gcc-gn
 glibc-zoneinfo: may be found 
 http://www.iana.org/time-zones hicolor-icon-theme: The specification is available 
 kp
 kpat (patience card game for KDE) kp
 kp
 KPat (aka KPatience) is a relaxing card sorting game. To win the game kp
 a player has to arrange a single deck of cards in certain order kp
 amongst each other. kp
 kp
 For more information, visit: http://www.kde.org kp
 libcddb: Visit the project 
 http://libcddb.sourceforge.net/ libusb-comp
 libusb-compat (Compatibility library for libusb-0.1 apps) libusb-comp
 libusb-comp
 A compatibility layer allowing applications written for libusb-0.1 to libusb-comp
 work with libusb-1.0. libusb-compat-0.1 attempts to retain as much libusb-comp
 ABI and API compatibility with libusb-0.1 as possible. libusb-comp
 libusb-comp
 Homepage: http://libusb.org libusb-comp
 lsk
 lskat (Lieutnant Skat card game for KDE) lsk
 lsk
 Lieutnant Skat (from German "Offiziersskat") is a fun and engaging lsk
 card game for two players, where the second player is either live lsk
 opponent, or a built in artificial intelligence. lsk
 lsk
 For more information, visit: http://www.kde.org lsk
 sysst
 sysstat (System performance monitoring tools) sysst
 sysst
 The sysstat utilities are a collection of performance monitoring sysst
 tools for Linux. These include the iostat, mpstat, pidstat, sadf, sysst
 and sar tools. sysst
 sysst
 The sysstat utilities were written by Sebastien Godard. sysst
 sysst
 For more information, see the sysstat web site: sysst
 http://pagesperso-orange.fr/sebastien.godard/ sysst
 tango-icon-theme-extras: Visit the Tango project 
 http://tango-project.org/ urwid: More info 
 http://excess.org/urwid vorbis-tools: compressed audio files in the Ogg Vorbis (.ogg) form
 xch
 xchat (GTK+-based IRC client) xch
 xch
 X-Chat is a GTK+-based IRC (Internet Relay Chat) client. xch

