
 ed (text editor) 
 
 GNU ed is an 8-bit clean, more or less POSIX-compliant implementation 
 of the standard Unix line editor. These days, full-screen editors 
 have rendered 'ed' mostly of historical interest. Nonetheless, it 
 appeals to a handful of aging programmers who still believe that 
 "Small is Beautiful". 
 j
 jed (programmer's editor) j
 j
 JED (by John E. Davis) is an extremely powerful but small emacs-like j
 programmer's editor that is extensible in a C-like macro language and j
 can do color syntax highlighting. Among the many features: j
 Emacs, wordstar, EDT emulation; j
 C, Fortran, TeX, text editing modes; Full undo; j
 GNU Emacs compatible info reader, and lots more. j
 j
 JED is also 8 bit clean, so you can even edit binary files! j
 libmcrypt: Some algorithms which are support
 SERPENT, RIJNDAEL, 3DES, GOST, netkit-rout
 netkit-routed (dynamic network routing daemon) netkit-rout
 netkit-rout
 Routed is invoked at boot time to manage the network routing tables. netkit-rout
 The routing daemon uses a variant of the Xerox NS Routing Information netkit-rout
 Protocol in maintaining up to date kernel routing table entries. netkit-rout
 It used a generalized protocol capable of use with multiple address netkit-rout
 types, but is currently used only for Internet routing within a netkit-rout
 cluster of networks. netkit-rout
 netkit-rout
 Fair warning: routed is no longer maintained and may be insecure. netkit-rout
 netkit-tim
 netkit-timed (time server daemon) netkit-tim
 netkit-tim
 This is an early BSD time server daemon. While ntpd is better for netkit-tim
 most purposes, this might be useful for secure networks or embedded netkit-tim
 systems in need of something more lightweight. netkit-tim
 netkit-tim
 The timed daemon appeared in 4.3BSD. netkit-tim
 part
 parted (GNU disk partitioning tool) part
 part
 GNU Parted is a program for creating, destroying, resizing, checking part
 and copying partitions, and the filesystems on them. This is useful part
 for creating space for new operating systems, reorganizing disk part
 usage, copying data between hard disks, and disk imaging. part
 s
 sed (stream editor) s
 s
 This is the GNU version of sed, a stream editor. A stream editor is s
 used to perform basic text transformations on an input stream (a file s
 or input from a pipeline). It is sed's ability to filter text in a s
 pipeline which distinguishes it from other types of editors. s
 s
 sed is a required package (it is needed by many system scripts). s
 vim: features have been add
 multi level undo, command line history, xfce4-volum
 xfce4-volumed (audio volume management daemon) xfce4-volum
 xfce4-volum
 This daemon is responsible for making the volume up/down and mute xfce4-volum
 keys of the keyboard work automatically, and uses the XFCE mixer's xfce4-volum
 defined card and track for choosing which track to act on. xfce4-volum
 xfce4-volum
 It also provides volume change and mute toggle notifications if xfce4-volum
 a notification daemon is running (using libnotify). xfce4-volum
 xfce4-volum
 Homepage: https://launchpad.net/xfce4-volumed xfce4-volum

